Onboard Slack and Zoom SSO templates (#4893)
wso2/docs-is: en/includes/guides/authentication/sso-integrations/add-slack-template.md

> # Log in to Slack using the {{ product_name }}

Author: https://github.com/wso2/docs-is/pull/4893/commits/4331f958e1550c4ea18946cbbc29e70d46d2e07b

> This page guides you through using {{ product_name }} to log in to Slack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page guides you through setting up {{ product_name }} to add SSO (Single Sign-On) login to a Slack workspace.
```

Author: https://github.com/wso2/docs-is/pull/4893/commits/4331f958e1550c4ea18946cbbc29e70d46d2e07b

    ![Select app type in the {{ product_name }}]({{base_path}}/assets/img/guides/authentication/sso-integrations/common/add-app.png){: width="600" style="border: 0.3px solid lightgrey;"}

3. Provide the Slack issuer name, domain name and a name for the application.

    !!! info "Issuer Name"
        By default, Slack uses `https://slack.com` as the Issuer Name. You only need to modify this value if creating multiple Slack SSO applications. If you choose `Slack Workspace URL` as the Issuer Name, ensure that Slack's configuration is updated accordingly.

    !!! info "Domain Name"
        Slack domain name is the first part of your Slack workspace URL. If your Slack workspace URL is `https://myorg.slack.com`, enter `myorg` as the Domain Name. Follow Slack's guidelines to [locate your Slack URL](https://slack.com/intl/en-gb/help/articles/221769328-Locate-your-Slack-URL-or-ID){:target="_blank"}

    ![Select slack workspace app in the {{ product_name }}]({{base_path}}/assets/img/guides/authentication/sso-integrations/slack/add-slack-app.png){: width="600" style="border: 0.3px solid lightgrey;"}

4. Click **Create** to complete the registration.

-----

## Configure Slack

> 1. Follow [Slack's documentation](https://slack.com/intl/en-gb/help/articles/212681477-Sign-in-to-Slack){:target="_blank"} to log in to your workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Follow [Slack documentation](https://slack.com/intl/en-gb/help/articles/212681477-Sign-in-to-Slack){:target="_blank"} to log in to your workspace.
```

Author: https://github.com/wso2/docs-is/pull/4893/commits/4331f958e1550c4ea18946cbbc29e70d46d2e07b

2. Configure the following properties in Slack's SSO settings section. Refer to [Slack's guide](https://slack.com/intl/en-gb/help/articles/203772216-SAML-single-sign-on#step-2u58-set-up-saml-sso){:target="_blank"} to locate the configuration fields mentioned below.

    - **SAML 2.0 Endpoint:**
      `{{ product_url_format }}/samlsso`

    - **Identity provider issuer:**
      `{{ issuer_name }}`
   
    !!! info "Public certificate"
        You can copy the public certificate of the Slack application from the `Guide` tab under the `Setup {{ product_name }} SSO in Slack` step.

    !!! warning "Service provider issuer"
        If you change the Issuer Name to `Slack Workspace URL` when creating the application, you must also configure it in Slack's settings. You can copy the `Service provider issuer` value from the `Guide` tab under the `Setup {{ product_name }} SSO in Slack` step.

    ![Sample Slack SSO Settings Form]({{base_path}}/assets/img/guides/authentication/sso-integrations/slack/sso-fill-slack.png){: width="600" style="border: 0.3px solid lightgrey;"}

-----

## Try it out

> Now, you have successfully configured Slack and {{ product_name }}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, you have successfully configured Slack SSO in {{ product_name }}.
```

Author: https://github.com/wso2/docs-is/pull/4893/commits/4331f958e1550c4ea18946cbbc29e70d46d2e07b

!!! note

>     When the workspace owner enables SSO for the Slack workspace, existing users will receive an email at their registered email address to bind their {{ product_name }} account. New users will be auto-provisioned during login. For more details, refer to Slack's documentation on [What to expect after SSO is enabled](https://slack.com/intl/en-gb/help/articles/203772216-SAML-single-sign-on#what-to-expect){:target="_blank"} and [Sign in to Slack](https://slack.com/intl/en-gb/help/articles/212681477-Sign-in-to-Slack){:target="_blank"}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When the workspace owner enables SSO for the Slack workspace, existing users will receive an email to their registered email address to bind their {{ product_name }} account. New users will be auto-provisioned during login. For more details, refer to Slack's documentation on [What to expect after SSO is enabled](https://slack.com/intl/en-gb/help/articles/203772216-SAML-single-sign-on#what-to-expect){:target="_blank"} and [Sign in to Slack](https://slack.com/intl/en-gb/help/articles/212681477-Sign-in-to-Slack){:target="_blank"}.
```

Author: https://github.com/wso2/docs-is/pull/4893/commits/4331f958e1550c4ea18946cbbc29e70d46d2e07b
